Added 2 security bulletins (#1275)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/09.5-security/20-security-bulletins.md

| High     | 7.0 - 8.9  |
| Critical | 9.0 - 10.0 |

# Security Bulletins

## March 20, 2023 - CVE-2023-22809 Sudo Vulnerability in Palette - 7.8 CVSS

A security vulnerability in `sudo -e` option (aka *sudoedit*) allows a malicious user with sudoedit privileges to edit arbitrary files. Palette on-prem container `palette-controller-manager:mold-manager` incorporates a sudo version affected by sudoers policy bypass in sudo when using sudoedit.

All versions of Palette anterior to 2.6.70 are affected.

<br />

#### Impact

> A local user permitted to edit certain files can take advantage of this flaw to edit a file not permitted by the security policy, resulting in privilege escalation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local user with permission to edit files can use this flaw to change a file not permitted by the security policy, resulting in privilege escalation.
```

<br />

#### Resolution

> * For SaaS platforms (multi-tenant or dedicated), the concerned container image was not used in newer versions of Palette starting in 3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For Palette SaaS, this has been addressed and requires no user action. 
```

> * For ​​self-hosted deployments, the 2.6.70 version contains the fix for the reported vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For ​​Palette self-hosted deployments, please upgrade to newer versions greater than or equal to  v2.6.70 to address the reported vulnerability.
```

  
<br />

#### Workarounds

None.

<br />

#### References

* [CVE-2023-22809](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/cve-2023-22809)

## August 4, 2022 - CVE-2022-1292 c_rehash script vulnerability in vSphere CSI pack - 9.8 CVSS

> On May 3 2022, OpenSSL published a security advisory disclosing a command injection vulnerability in the `c_rehash` script included with the library. Some operating systems automatically execute this script as a part of normal operations which could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary commands with elevated privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On May 3 2022, OpenSSL published a security advisory disclosing a command injection vulnerability in the `c_rehash` script included with the OpenSSL library. Some operating systems automatically execute this script as a part of normal operations, which could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary commands with elevated privileges.
```

> Palette is not directly affected by this vulnerability, but the vSphere CSI 2.3 provides a vulnerable version of the `c_rehash` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette is not directly affected by this vulnerability. However, if your cluster profile is using the vSphere CSI pack, version v2.3 or below, it contains a vulnerable version of the `c_rehash` script.
```

> If the vSphere CSI 2.3 (and below) pack is used, all versions of Palette are affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<br />

#### Impact

> The c_rehash script does not properly sanitize shell metacharacters to prevent command injection. This script is distributed by some operating systems (and by extension in container images) in a manner where it is automatically executed. On such operating systems, an attacker could execute arbitrary commands with the privileges of the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `c_rehash` script does not sanitize shell metacharacters properly to prevent command injection. This script is distributed by some operating systems, and by extension, in container images, in a manner where it is automatically executed. On such operating systems, an attacker could execute arbitrary commands with the privileges of the script.
```

<br />

#### Resolution

> This vulnerability has been fixed in the vSphere CSI pack 2.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This vulnerability has been addressed in the vSphere CSI pack greater than or equal to version v2.6.
```

<br />

#### Workarounds

> None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update cluster profiles using the vSphere CSI pack to version v2.6 or greater. Apply the updated cluster profile changes to all clusters consuming the cluster profile.
```
